0000.Music
A:Do you like music?  
B:Well, it depends.
A:Do you think the "High School Musical" is warm matched?
B:Of course yes.
A:How about the lyrics?
B:Very touching.
A:It bring me back to some of my childhood memories.
B:Yes,it is so. i love songs that take me to some places i have not been or have been for a long time. it is fun and exciting.
A:Of course.it is really fantastic too, and it makes me eager to dance.
B:It is full of energy.
A:This song is really worthy listening to and enjoying.
B:It certainly is. 
A:the time of high school is really valuable, we should treasure it.
B:yeah£¬Remember that time flies and it will never come back 
A:Next time you listen to the music, remember to share it with me.
B:I will. We like the same type of music after all.
0001.Film
A:Hi, sir! What do you like to do in your spare time? Do you like movies?
B:Well, I spend a lot of time watching movies.
A:What a coincidence! I also watch a lot of movies.
B:Oh really, Frank? What kind of movies do you like?
A:Actually, I watch whichever movie there is, be it a comedy, a sci-fi or a suspense movie. How about you?
B:Art films are my favorite, but thrillers are cool, too.
A:Really impressive. These two genres are definitely different.
B:Sure. I enjoy both of them very much.
A:How often do you go to the cinema?
B:Once in a while, I suppose, I usually rent movies at Movie Salon.
A:Movie salon? Where's that?
B:It's a movie rental store in my neighborhood. I've got a membership there.
A:Is it good?
B:Yes, you can find almost all new releases there.
A:Really? Maybe I shall also sign up for its membership.
B:Why not?
0002.Pet
A:We have been over this a hundred times! We are not getting a pet!
B:Why not? Come on! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty!
A:Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
B:I will! I¡¯ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard!
A:What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
B:Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
A:Do you forget that your mother is allergic to cat¡¯s hair, I don¡¯t think those animals are a good idea with her in the house.
B:Fine! Let¡¯s get a bird then! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk! A parrot would be awesome!
A:I¡¯ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we¡¯ll take it from there.
B:Yay! I'm going to the pet shop and buy one. 
A:You have to take care of it all the time.
B:Rest assured that I will.
A:Go ahead.
B:Okay, Ben!
0003.Scare
A:What seems to be the problem, kid?
B:I've got a sore throat, a runny nose and a headache.
A:Ah¡­How long have you been like this?
B:I am not very sure. Maybe for three days.
A:Do you have any stomachache?
B:I guess so. It comes and goes.
A:Open your mouth and say ah¡­ God, you are suffering from the swelling of tonsils.
B:Is that serious, doctor?
A:Yes, I am sure that you got the flu. You need a shot.
B:Oh, doctor. Do I have to? I am afraid of needles!
A:Yes, that's for sure. But it is not that bad. It's gonna be all right.
B:Oh, doctor, please¡­
A:Be brave, young man. Only girls cry when given an injection.
B:You are right. I won't cry.
A:good boy, let¡¯s do it. OK, how do you feel? is it not pain?
B:In fact, there is a little pain, but nothing because I am a boy.
A:well done.
B:Thank you so much, my dear friend!
0004.Crime
A:hey, What are you reading right now? 
B:Hi.I am reading the news on phone, there so many report about crime.
A:Oh, really? What about that?
B:it is about from a rich family kill a girl, only because the girl refused to be his girlfriend.
A:It¡¯s unbelievable! The boy is too crazy! The girl has her right to accept the boy or not.
B:Yes. Because of the boy`s family background, he fears nothing and ignores the laws.
A:such things happened a lot, many people broke the laws. And a data shows that the number of  crimes is growing in recent years.
B:you are right. With the deveopment of economy, the crime rate keeps increasing.
A:I very hate the thief. One day I took my bike to a bookshore, and when I returned, I counldn¡¯t  find it.
B:Did someboby steal your bike?
A:yes, the thief stole my bike.
B:Did you lock it to somethink?
A:yes I did, but the thief just broke the lock and stole my bike.
B:oh, it's high time for us to change this situation to keep crime from rising.
A:so,do u have any idea to change this phenomenon?
B:above all,, Our government should pay  more attention to making rules about the law because it make a big different.
A:The policeman should be serious about the crimes as well.
B:you are right, people should also improve awareness of laws.
A:M¡­especially students, students not only need to improve their knowledge of law, but also learn to protect themselves.
B:well,I hope that the advice above can make a different.

