0000.Music
A:Do you like music?  
B:Well, it depends.
A:Do you think the "High School Musical" is warm matched?
B:Of course yes.
A:How about the lyrics?
B:Very touching.
A:It bring me back to some of my childhood memories.
B:Yes,it is so. i love songs that take me to some places i have not been or have been for a long time. it is fun and exciting.
A:Of course.it is really fantastic too, and it makes me eager to dance.
B:It is full of energy.
A:This song is really worthy listening to and enjoying.
B:It certainly is. 
A:the time of high school is really valuable, we should treasure it.
B:yeah£¬Remember that time flies and it will never come back 
A:Next time you listen to the music, remember to share it with me.
B:I will. We like the same type of music after all.
0001.Film
A:Hi, sir! What do you like to do in your spare time? Do you like movies?
B:Well, I spend a lot of time watching movies.
A:What a coincidence! I also watch a lot of movies.
B:Oh really, Frank? What kind of movies do you like?
A:Actually, I watch whichever movie there is, be it a comedy, a sci-fi or a suspense movie. How about you?
B:Art films are my favorite, but thrillers are cool, too.
A:Really impressive. These two genres are definitely different.
B:Sure. I enjoy both of them very much.
A:How often do you go to the cinema?
B:Once in a while, I suppose, I usually rent movies at Movie Salon.
A:Movie salon? Where's that?
B:It's a movie rental store in my neighborhood. I've got a membership there.
A:Is it good?
B:Yes, you can find almost all new releases there.
A:Really? Maybe I shall also sign up for its membership.
B:Why not?
0002.Pet
A:We have been over this a hundred times! We are not getting a pet!
B:Why not? Come on! Just a cute little puppy or a kitty!
A:Who is going to look after a dog or a cat?
B:I will! I¡¯ll feed it, bathe it and walk it every day! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard!
A:What if we want to take a vacation? Who will we leave it with? Plus, our apartment is too small for that breed of dog.
B:Ok. How about we get a cat or a ferret?
A:Do you forget that your mother is allergic to cat¡¯s hair, I don¡¯t think those animals are a good idea with her in the house.
B:Fine! Let¡¯s get a bird then! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk! A parrot would be awesome!
A:I¡¯ll tell you what, I can get you some hamsters and we¡¯ll take it from there.
B:Yay! I'm going to the pet shop and buy one. 
A:You have to take care of it all the time.
B:Rest assured that I will.
A:Go ahead.
B:Okay, Ben!
0003.Scare
A:What seems to be the problem, kid?
B:I've got a sore throat, a runny nose and a headache.
A:Ah¡­How long have you been like this?
B:I am not very sure. Maybe for three days.
A:Do you have any stomachache?
B:I guess so. It comes and goes.
A:Open your mouth and say ah¡­ God, you are suffering from the swelling of tonsils.
B:Is that serious, doctor?
A:Yes, I am sure that you got the flu. You need a shot.
B:Oh, doctor. Do I have to? I am afraid of needles!
A:Yes, that's for sure. But it is not that bad. It's gonna be all right.
B:Oh, doctor, please¡­
A:Be brave, young man. Only girls cry when given an injection.
B:You are right. I won't cry.
A:good boy, let¡¯s do it. OK, how do you feel? is it not pain?
B:In fact, there is a little pain, but nothing because I am a boy.
A:well done.
B:Thank you so much, my dear friend!
0004.Crime
A:hey, What are you reading right now? 
B:Hi.I am reading the news on phone, there so many report about crime.
A:Oh, really? What about that?
B:it is about from a rich family kill a girl, only because the girl refused to be his girlfriend.
A:It¡¯s unbelievable! The boy is too crazy! The girl has her right to accept the boy or not.
B:Yes. Because of the boy`s family background, he fears nothing and ignores the laws.
A:such things happened a lot, many people broke the laws. And a data shows that the number of  crimes is growing in recent years.
B:you are right. With the deveopment of economy, the crime rate keeps increasing.
A:I very hate the thief. One day I took my bike to a bookshore, and when I returned, I counldn¡¯t  find it.
B:Did someboby steal your bike?
A:yes, the thief stole my bike.
B:Did you lock it to somethink?
A:yes I did, but the thief just broke the lock and stole my bike.
B:oh, it's high time for us to change this situation to keep crime from rising.
A:so,do u have any idea to change this phenomenon?
B:above all,, Our government should pay  more attention to making rules about the law because it make a big different.
A:The policeman should be serious about the crimes as well.
B:you are right, people should also improve awareness of laws.
A:M¡­especially students, students not only need to improve their knowledge of law, but also learn to protect themselves.
B:well,I hope that the advice above can make a different.
0005.Appearance
A:That girl looks very attractive, doesn¡¯t she?
B:do you think so? I don¡¯t like girls who look like that. I like girls who aren¡¯t too slim. If you like her, go and talk to her.
A:I¡¯d like to, but there¡¯s her boyfriend. He¡¯s very broad-shouldered.
B:he¡¯s huge! He must go to the gym to have a well-built body like that.
A:do you prefer tall girls or short ones?
B:I don¡¯t mind, but I like girls with long hair.
A:we have different tastes. I like girls with short hair. I like tall girls- probably because I¡¯m so tall myself.
B:have you ever dated a girl taller than you?
A:no, never. I don¡¯t think I¡¯ve ever met a girl taller than me! Have you gained weight recently?
B:yes, I have. Perhaps I should go to the gym, like that girl¡¯s boyfriend.
A:I'm getting a bit plump myself. Perhaps I'll go with you.
B:Well, you should do this.
0006.Body
A:I¡¯m going to the beauty parlor. Do you want to come too?
B:sure. Let¡¯s go. What are you going to have done?
A:I want to have a foot massage and haircut.
B:a foot massage sounds like a great idea. They are very relaxing. I¡¯d also like to have a mudpack on my face. It¡¯s supposed to help with your complexion.
A:good idea. We should also pedicures and manicures.
B:this could become a very expensive trip to be beauty parlour!
A:I think it¡¯s a good idea to pamper yourself occasionally. Don¡¯t you agree?
B:oh, I agree. We both work hard and a little beauty treatment can relieve stress.
A:maybe we should try a thai massage too.
B:what¡¯s special about a thai massage?
A:that¡¯s when the masseuse walk on your back and massage you with her feet.
B:sounds painful!
0007.Body_movement
A:when you are in a restaurant you want the waiter to bring the bill, what do you do to attract his attention?
B:I just make eye contact with him and nod my head. Then I tell him when he comes over to the table. Why do you ask?
A:I went out with my girlfriend to a nice restaurant last night and I noticed that many people shouted for the bill.
B:that seems a little impolite in such a restaurant.
A:that¡¯s what I thought. I just thought I¡¯d ask you and see what you thought of it. Anyway, what did you do yesterday evening?
B:well, it was a warm evening, so I stretched my legs. I walked along the canal for a couple of miles. Actually, several other people had the same idea. I saw bill.
A:did you? How is he these days?
B:he seemed ok. We didn¡¯t stop and chat because we were on opposite banks of the canal. We just waved at each other.
A:I need to move some furniture. Could you help me to lift is?
B:of course. What do you want to move first?
A:let¡¯s move the sofa. Can you get a grip on the bottom at that end? I¡¯ll lift this end. I want to move it sideways in that directon.
B:Okay, here i come.
0008.Family
A:who is cindy¡¯s husband?
B:cindy¡¯s husband is ron.
A:how many children do cindy and ron have?
B:they have two children-one son and one daughter-as well as one daughter-in-law and one son-in-law.
A:do they have any grandchildren?
B:yes, they have three grandchildren-one girl and two boys.
A:does their daughters get along well with her in-laws?
B:yes, she gets along with them quite well.
A:do they have a large family?
B:their family is very similar to cindy and ron¡¯s family.
0009.Age
A:how old is Keith?
B:he¡¯s 21. how old is James?
A:he¡¯s a year older than Keith, but he looks younger.
B:how¡¯s your father?
A:he¡¯s fine. He retired last week. It¡¯s turning poing in his life. Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement.
B:he can spend more time with his grandchilder.
A:oh, I don¡¯t think he wants to. He wants to travel to several different countries around the world.
B:so, he wants to have a more active retirement. Good idea!
A:how do you want to spend your old age?
B:in the same way, probably.
0010.Character
A:do you like Barry?
B:no, not very much. He¡¯s too ambitious and dishonest.
A:I agree. I like his brother, Paul. They are not alike.
B:yes. They are completely different. Paul is very sociable and much more honest than his brother.
A:what kind of person do you consider yourself to be?
B:I think I¡¯m polite, careful, relaxed and shy.
A:oh, I don¡¯t think you¡¯re shy! You are always chatting with new people when we go to a party.
B:well, yes, but those people always start talking to me. I never talk to them first. Perhaps I¡¯m not as shy as I think. Anyway, you¡¯re certainly not shy!
A:You¡¯re right. I love going out and making new friends.
B: so, you¡¯ll be at my birthday party on Friday?
A: Of course!
B:I's so nice of you!
0011.Marriage_Dating
A:how are you wedding plans going.
B:very well. We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done. The only thing that isn¡¯t ready yet is my wedding dress. A: when will that be ready?
B:the dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks.
A:you¡¯re getting married in three weeks. So that should be ok. So, you¡¯ve prepared the church, catering, transport, hotel-everything.
B:yes. We¡¯ve taken care of all of that. We decided not to get married in a church though. Neither of us is very religious.
A:which hotel will the reception be held at?
B:the palace hotel they¡¯re taking care of the catering, including the wedding cake. I¡¯m sure they¡¯ll do a good job.
A:oh, yes. It¡¯s and excellent hotel. A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect, though very expensive.
B:yes. It will be expensive, but we think it will be worth. It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people.
A:I think you make the right decision.
B:I think you are right.
0012.Friend
A:I had a big argument with david yesterday. I hope he¡¯s not still mad at me.
B:what did you argue about?
A:he borrowed some money from me and I needed it back. He said he didn¡¯t have the money yet.
B:well, he should pay out back. It¡¯s only fair.
A:yes, but is got angry with him too quickly. He probably thought that I mistrusted him. I shouldn¡¯t have got angry.
B:did you lend him a lot of money?
A:not much. I had to pay an unexpected bill, so I needed the money back.
B:well, talk to him about it next time you see him. He probably feels as bad about it
0013.New_position
A:how is your new position? 
B:it's a-ok. 
A:you must be having a good time at work then, right? 
B:i guess so, but i am nervous around my boss. 
A:why are you nervous? you are a hard worker and the staff members all like you, right? 
B:that is correct, but i am afraid to talk with the manager. i never know how to act around him. 
A:no problem, i will help you practice. i will give you self-confidence.
B:you would do that for me? you are a-ok. 
A:thanks a bunch. all you need to do is create a more professional atmosphere.
B:It's all right, I will be good.
0014.Halloween
A:boo!
B:ahh, you scared me. you sounded just like a ghost!
A:that was my plan.
B:you shouldn't scare people, that is rude. right?
A:but it is almost halloween. it is fun to scare each other on this fun holiday.
B:isn't halloween only on october 31?
A:actually many creative people use the entire month of october to celebrate, get dressed up like a monster, have parties and trick or treat.
B:what is trick or treat?
A:sit back and let me explain.
B:ha-ha, okay!
0015.Bill
A:hey, what's up?
B:nothing much, just the usual. how about you?
A:everything is fine. i'm just a little short on cash at the moment.
B:you do love to spend money. you just have too many girlfriends. aren't you going out with another one today? 
A:that's the problem. i have a date with jezebel tonight. how am i going to pay the bill? 
B:have you ever thought about going dutch?
A:no way, jose. i would never let the chick pay for anything.
B:well, i'm not lending you any money.
A:what kind a friend are you? i'm in a pinch and you're not willing to help me out. i guess i'll have to go find someone else who can help me out.
B:sorry, i am not serious.
0016.Exercising
A:Wow, i am so tired now.
B:what's going on? 
A:nothing much, just the usual. why do you ask? 
B:every time i see you, you are working out. why do you like to work out so much? 
A:i am tired of people laughing at my beer belly. i want to be as striking as arnold schwarzenegger.
B:what does striking mean? 
A:this means, i look special. 
B:you americans really like muscles. 
A:that's right. muscles are a sign of being healthy in america.
B:but isn't it tiring to workout that much? 
A:we have a saying, "no pain, no gain."
B:that sounds crazy to me.
0017.Rules_to_Being_a_Gentlemen
A:Good morning, how are you today, sir? 
B:I am quite fine, thank you for asking. How are you getting along, my friend? 
A:Great! I am just going to the corner store. Is there anything I can get for you while I am out? 
B:Why yes. Can you pick me up some candles? 
A:Affirmative. Anything else, sir? 
B:Negative. You are such a gentlemen. 
A:Thanks for noticing.
B:Anytime, sir. Bye for now.
0018.Smoking_and_Drinking_Etiquette
A:Today is a bad old day.
B:i'm as right as rain.
A:i am going to smoke. do you want a cigarette?
B:no, thank you. i don't smoke.
A:come on, just smoke one.
B:don't you know it's not polite to pressure people to smoke?
A:i did not know that. please, teach me.
B:no problem. i will teach you all i know.
0019.Eating_Etiquette
A:I'm full now.
B:ben, what's going down?
A:you do love food. you always talk about it when you are not eating it. you are going to get fat, maybe even obese if you are not careful.
B:at least i eat like a gentleman. you have no manners when you eat. you eat like an animal, or worse, a rude dude.
A:your are right about that. i wish someone would teach me dinner etiquette.
B:i will teach you the culture of dinning if you help me go on a diet.
A:great, we can help each other. would you like that?
B you hit the nail on the head! lead on.
0020.Pick_Up_The_Phone
A:hey dude, your understanding of western culture is improving by leaps and bounds.
B:yours not so shabby either.
A:thanks for the compliment.
B:what's a compliment?
A:that's praise. you complimented me, so i returned the favor.
B:great. can you do me another favor and teach me about western phone etiquette?
A:what do you mean by "etiquette?"
B:that means "good manners" or "customs."
A:it would be my pleasure to teach you about phone etiquette.
B:it's so nice of you to do that!
0021.Wedding_Customs
A:hey buddy, how's things?
B:better than usual. thanks for asking. how about yourself?
A:i am as fit as a fiddle, and as happy as a kid in a candy store.
B:why are you in such a good mood?
A:i just took part in my american friend's wedding.
B:that sounds very interesting.
A:right you are. there are many western wedding customs that i had never heard of.
B:be a buddy and tell me about them.
A:anything for you. it would be my pleasure to teach you about wedding rituals.
B:ha-ha, here I am.
0022.Customs_of_Kids'_Birthday_Parties
A:what are you up to?
B:same old, same old, and you?
A:i am learning about how people in western cultures celebrate birthdays.
B:aren't they the same as in china?
A:actually there are many differences.
B:wow, you learn something new every day. can you tell me about the culture of an american birthday party?
A:your wish is my command, anything for you.
B:i am going to give you a great birthday present because you always help me.
A:great, today is my birthday. didn't you know that?
B:i guess you do learn something new every day.
0023.Reclycling
A:Such a nice day, ha?
B:how's it going?
A:great. i am on a natural high.
B:why are you so happy?
A:last night i met a new foreign friend.
B:really? go on, tell me more.
A:then she taught me how to recycle.
B:awesome. i am glad to hear that. and then?
A:then she took me back to her apartment.
B:get out of town? what happened next?
A:then she got me to help her clean her apartment and recycle her old products.
B:that is terrible, i am sorry to hear that.
A:no, it was fun. plus we helped the environment.
B:recycling and helping the earth can be fun!
0024.Traffic_Regulations
A:wonderful, i am head over heels in love with my visa officer.
B:i guess you got the visa to go abroad, right?
A:you bet. and i have saved enough about two thousand usd to buy a used car once i am there. i love to drive.
B:driving abroad is cool, but there are many strict rules.
A:what do you mean by strict?
B:western culture dictates that traffic laws must be obeyed to the letter of the law. the police and the culture is strict about this. that means everyone must work together to be safe.
A:no problem, i am very obedient. can you tell me which traffic laws are stricter than other?
B:anything for you, we have time to discuss a few, however, it is best to obey all the laws to the letter.
0025.Synonyms_for_Maybe
A:Are you haveing good time today?
B:greetings and welcome.
A:thanks, how's it going?
B:pretty good, and you?
A:very good actually. i am starting to understand a lot about western culture.
B:is culture really a big deal(important)?
A:you bet, it is a big deal. it is one thing to learn some new words, but it is better if you learn when and when not to use them. do you understand?
B:maybe i do.
A:you see, just now your answer was correct english grammar, but it was rude. you should have been honest and said, 'sorry i don't understand.'
B:you go boy! will you teach me some more?
A:maybe!
B:so funny, my friend!
0026.Western_Culture
A:can you help me learn more cultural english?
B:what exactly do you need to know?
A:my english teacher said i was a rude dude because i made fun of a stuttering kid with a speech disorder. i thought it was funny, but the teacher said i should not do that again.
B:as always, your foreign teacher was right. there are many cultural rules you need to learn before you go abroad.
A:thanks a bunch. you are awesome to teach me so much.
B:my pleasure, now let's start with some new words.
0027.Safe_Driving
A:what's the plan for today, sir?
B:i have to get down to the mall to score some parts for my car.
A:i thought your parents were going to buy you some new wheels?
B:my grades at school were so bad they said they would not buy me a new car this year.
A:do you need a hand to fix your car? i am good at fixing donks.
B:i would love some help.
A:can i drive it after it's fixed?
B:no way! you are a hoon.
A:i've changed! i know how important it is to drive safely these days.
B:i'll believe that when i see it!
0028.The_History_of_Hollywood
A:what did you want to do when you were a kid?
B:i wanted to run away from home.
A:did you really hate your oldies?
B:no! my parents were great.
A:why did you want to run away, then?
B:i wanted to seek my fame and fortune in hollywood.
A:so you wanted to be an actor?
B:no! i wanted to be an attorney for actors! they are the ones who make the really big money.
A:you wanted to be a lawyer!
B:i wanted to be the lawyer of the superstars and get 10 percent of their high income!
A:but instead you became a teacher and get peanuts!
B:Whatever you say!
0029.Internet
A:do you think i could ask your dad some questions?
B:why would you want to ask my dad anything?
A:well, he is the oldest person i know and i am hoping he can remember life before the internet.
B:my dad is not that old! besides, he doesn't even know what the internet is.
A:i thought that you would have taught him about the internet?
B:i have tried so many times to teach him. either he is too old or too dumb.
A:well, if i can't ask your dad, who else can i ask about the history of the internet?
B:what about me? all my friends call me a geek and a nerd - so i must know something about technology.
A:scrub it. i'm not that desperate for the answer!
B:oh, my friend!
0030.The_Dating_Game
A:i have been watching you for about an hour, sir. why are you moping around?
B:because i am sad and feeling blue.
A:how can you possibly feel that way? we are young and the world is ours.
B:because i am single again.
A:is that all! that's easy to fix.
B:it might be for you because you are a really confident guy. it is different for shy guys like me.
A:i know a new joint that has lots of young single girls every night. i will take you and we can scope it out together.
B:my problem is not meeting women, but talking to them is a huge problem.
A:sit down here my friend and i will give you some much needed pointers.
B:thanks, I am so well now.
0031.Weddings_Part
A:weddings are such formal events.
B:i know, but they are important. a wedding marks the beginning of a lifetime together for a man and a woman.
A:true. it's kind of scary to imagine being with one person for the rest of your life.
B:if you think that way, it is because you are not mature enough to get married yet.
A:maybe you are right. or maybe it is because i have not met the right woman yet.
B:you should consider whom you marry very carefully because you are promising to stay with him/her sfor the rest of your life.
A:i know. but you can always get a divorce.
B:that's not the right attitude. i need to teach you some more about weddings.
0032.Birthday
A:happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me.
B:what is that song you are singing, michael?
A:today is my birthday, so i thought i would sing to myself.
B:i am glad you told me that it is your birthday today.
A:so you can buy me an expensive gift?
B:no way. it's my mom's birthday the day after yours and i would have forgotten if you had not reminded me.
A:so did you get me a gift or not?
B:michael, you are my oldest, dearest friend. of course i got you something.
A:can i have it now?
B:let me tell you all about the culture of birthdays and then i will give it to you.
0033.Keeping_a_Diary
A:i have a bad feeling that i have forgotten something really important.
B:what do you think you have forgotten? do you mean someone's birthday or an important appointment?
A:i really don't know, but the feeling is very strong!
B:why don't you just check your diary?
A:i have never kept a diary. Do you think I should?
B:how can you possibly remember all of the important dates, ideas and events in your life, then?
A:usually i can rely on my memory, but the older i get, the more i forget!
B:old geezers like us should keep diaries, michael.
A:i will go to the store this afternoon to buy one.
B:and i will remind you if you forget!
0034.Halloween 
A:there are so many holidays every year.
B:i know. i love them all.
A:which holiday do you enjoy most?
B:i won't tell you directly, but you can try to guess if you like.
A:is it at the beginning or the end of the year?
B:it's closer to the end of the year.
A:do you buy presents for your friends and family on this holiday?
B:no. not really, but you can dress up in scary clothes.
A:i know what it is!
B:do you know the name of my favorite holiday?
A:it's halloween!
B:not until november 2, it isn't.
0035.Father's_Day
A:hey. can i ask you a question?
B:sure. what do you want to know?
A:do you love your mother or father most?
B:i love both of my parents equally.
A:i think i love my mother more than i love my father.
B:why do you say that?
A:when i was younger, my father would often hit me if i was naughty.
B:did he slap you or punch you?
A:he slapped me on the backside.
B:well, that sounds perfectly normal. most parents have to hit their kids sometimes.
A:if you were my child, i would hit you all the time!
B:there is something not right with your brain, my friend!
0036.Mother's_Day
A: Sir, can you cover for me for about an hour?
B: sure. i will tell the boss you are in the library if he asks.
A: thanks mate! i owe you a favor.
B: why do you need to leave for an hour?
A: i forgot to buy my mom a gift for mother's day.
B: i can't believe you forgot your own mother's birthday!
A: it's not her birthday i forgot! today is mother's day.
B: and what is mother's day?
A: a special day when we remember our mothers and all they have done for us.
B: after you come back can you cover for me while i go and buy something for my mom?
0037.Valentine's_Day
A:we have worked hard today sir. do you want to have some suds with me this evening?
B:i can't. i have a date tonight.
A:You have a date?
B:yeah, you are right!
A:you have a date! she must be blind!
B:at least i have a valentine's date.
A:valentine's date? what's that?
B:valentine's day is famous around the world these days. i can't believe you don't know about it!
A:is that where guys send chocolates and flowers to the girl they fancy?
B:that's right. and for this valentine's day, i finally found the courage to ask our receptionist out for dinner.
A:you mean sally?
B:yep. we are going to a very romantic restaurant for dinner.
A:wow! she is beautiful. can i come along on your date?
B:sure, you can!
0038.Olidays
A:so are you ready for the most relaxing day, SIR?
B:i have got some tragic news for you, michael. i can't come fishing with you today.
A:what do you mean that you can't come with us?
B:the boss has given me some work to do. it's very urgent and can't wait.
A:but it's the holidays. you don't have to work on the holidays.
B:the boss asked me if i would help him out with a special favor.
A:you must be turning into a workaholic, sir.
B:no. a workaholic would choose to work on their holiday, but i would rather be fishing with you guys.
A:bring your work with you. we can fish and you can do your report.
B:now you're thinking!
0039.Drinking_in_Moderation
A:how's the fist day of the new year treating you?
B:very badly. i had the worst hangover i have ever had in my life.
A:how did you get in such a shocking state?
B:i went to a new year's eve bash and was pressured into sculling beers all night long.
A:what stopped your from just saying no?
B:peer pressure! i didn't want people to call me a wimp.
A:what's worse though - people calling you a wimp or having a huge headache?
B:definitely the hangover. i will recover from this bad feeling but i would never recover from being called a wimp.
A:that's the wrong attitude to have, my friend.
B:maybe you are right!
0040.Happy_New_Year_Part2
A:so how did you celebrate new year's eve, sir?
B:i went to a party at a friend's house and got very sloshed.
A:and what did you do at midnight?
B:we did the count-down to exactly 12 o'clock and then i grabbed the nearest girl and snogged her.
A:did you know the girl?
B:nope. i had never met her before.
A:then why did she let you kiss her?
B:because it was the new year!!!
A:i still have much to learn about new year celebrations.
B:Well, I will teach you.
0041.Christmas_Part3
A:i love xmas!
B:what is your favorite aspect of the christmas season michael?
A:i love to see the fact that people are happy, peaceful and looking forward to their holidays.
B:what about all of the decorations? what about the carolers in the streets and the frenzied shoppers hunting for last minute bargains?
A:i do like all of those things but my favorite part of xmas is the good cheer of everyone.
B:you know that not everyone celebrates xmas though?
A:yes, but it seems that the good xmas mood has a positive effect on all people.
B:maybe we should find a way to make it xmas everyday!
0042.Christmas_Part2
A:it seems that the whole world has gone christmas mad!
B:why do you say that michael?
A:everywhere i look i see xmas decorations and everywhere i go i hear xmas carols!
B:well, decorations and carols and two important aspects of the christmas festival.
A:what about xmas cards? have you sent yours yet?
B:you know that i am always well organized. i bought cards in july, arranged my address book in september, wrote the cards in november and posted them two weeks ago.
A:what about your xmas shopping? i bet you have not finished that yet!
B:i did all of that july during the sales, so i could save a fortune.
A:i have so much to learn!
B:Sure you are.
0043.Christmas_Part1
A:jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.
B:why are you singing christmas carols michael?
A:because christmas is coming quickly!
B:ahhh. i have left all of my gift shopping until the last minute again. the stores will be packed.
A:christmas is much more than just buying gifts for your friends and family.
B:yeah i know. gifts and corny songs are the two main christmas activities.
A:no sir! you have it all wrong. take a seat and i will tell you about the ancient history of christmas!
B:Okay, I am following you, my dear friend.
0044.Discrimination
A:i think i have just been discriminated against!
B:tell me what happened!
A:when i was buying a ticket for the bus, i had to pay more than an old fogey.
B:why do you think that was discrimination?
A:well, if one person pays more than someone else, that is discrimination.
B:but sometimes discrimination is ok.
A:i suppose that bargain bus fares for pensioners is ok, but i really hate discrimination.
B:i agree! judging someone just because of their skin color, age or religious beliefs is wrong.
0045.Slow_Dancing
A:sir! hey!
B:hi michael. what's the story?
A:nothing much. i am trying to save all of my energy for the big dance tonight.
B:are you going clubbing again?
A:you are half right. i am going ballroom dancing!
B:holy cow! have you gone loony or something!
A:not at all. ballroom dancing is very elegant and refined.
B:sure! but only people who are over 100 years old do it!
A:i am hoping to meet the girl of my dreams and this maybe a good way.
B:if you say so, but i have some strong doubts.
0046.Mobile_Etiquette
A:hey sir, that looks like a groovy cell phone. is it new?
B:yeah - i scored it today. my old one was too big and clunky.
A:it seems like everyone has a cell phone these days.
B:i know. everywhere i go i can hear mobile phones ringing.
A:why did you call it a mobile phone and not a cell phone?
B:americans generally call them cell phones while europeans call them mobile phones.
A:you know that there are so many rules about using cell phones these days?
B:really! can you teach me some? i don't want people to think that i am rude.
A:sure. i would be happy to teach my buddy!
B:ahhh!
0047.Western_Food_and_Restaurants
A:hey sir, have you been working out or something?
B:no, but i am on a diet at the moment.
A:why are you dieting? you have a great figure already.
B:yeah but it will be summer soon and i want to look good at the beach.
A:dieting is ok but we all have to eat. do you want to get a bite with me now?
B:you must be a mind-reader michael. do you feel like some western food?
A:sounds great. i'll pay if you teach me some english while we are eating.
B:let's go dutch and i'll teach you anyway.
